what's up everybody home burglar hey I'm
chilling out maxing out all right let's
get you stopping this video shower the
topic of this video is 100 days about
you say father will blow your mind but
the only thing is I had to put it in two
parts because it was a too long a video
but number one failing European
dimension will give you slightly
different versions of the same
pre-mission dialogue to flip flops
occasionally warned they will flip they
are not exclusive um you feel like you
walk on those like yeah while you're in
the water whatever part of your bodies
in the water that's going to get wet the
rest your part wouldn't stay dry if you
hell or how about your attacks at the
airport when somebody was already
waiting for one they'll get mad and
shout at you or try to pick a fight
there's a chance you can walk into a
business while other random MPC's
robbing it's michael will confess the
discuss random events that just happened
when visiting his psychiatrist like
sleeping prostitutes or running over
pedestrians the little tink tink tink
cooling off sound cards make when turned
off his present if you talk to a
character on the phone and call them
again try out the words they will come
and say they have just spoken with you
Lamar ruins Franklin about his hair
cutting me he talks about him but if you
change your hair cut his dialogue will
change backfiring cars Canaanite gas
trails you were no that is sometimes
topless woman is will party and by what
matches they used up a picture of them
they'll call you cheapen our boyfriends
will pick fights with you if you stop
your car on the road in a travel blog
drivers behind you will flick you off if
you try to force Trevor listen to
certain kinds of music he'll get angry
and overrides you and change the rhythm
section back himself some sweet no sweat
will seep through the characters clothes
if they run an exercise of extended
period of time if you spend a lot of
money customize your car random MCS will
stop a complimented on it and even take
pictures if you actually run over
Michaels by both characters react with
different dialogue and she later change
you an angry Bill for a hospital say if
you try to
not a picture of a street performer our
tipping them they'll get angry sometimes
street performers will get phone calls
and break character to answer them you
can send other characters your address
book like you're hunting pictures you
can send them to anybody else in your
dress book and some will come back
confused and angry but most of them
anyway hi girls on top of Mount chiliad
I take pictures of the view with their
phone we're on twenty one of you didn't
already keep up Michael's wife amanda
has been found in the game's fake dating
website hush hush the mouse clicker in
the end game internet is it a pointer
finger it's the middle finger dome
lights turned on when you open car doors
after buying clothes for the life of an
admission if you return to the store
cloak the interview them if you start to
the store the clerk will ask you how did
the interview go after getting wasted
and being discharged from hospital your
character will have cuts and bruises the
deadly Tang in game Pirates clone
actually saw a gorilla initially run
silent to your grocery celebrate at the
point of the engine kicking I don't know
what that means if you pull up on to a
red light in a sports car next to you
with someone other sports car you rev
the engine off and burn down a race you
in the light turns green burning rubber
are doing anything to get attention
within NPCs whipping out their phones to
film you keep kicking cars can't dent
them MPC's will cover their heads and
run away if it starts raining you lose
your GPS even when you enter a tunnel if
you follow random female NPCs around
sedo sometimes your nerve and look over
the shoulder I start walking faster some
characters voice message will change as
the game progresses depending on how you
acted in the game doing a burnout over a
dead body guarantees a huge blood spray
older cars are squeaky briggs and can be
harder to start the moon phases change
days and we progress changes night
lightning when you hit on the bottom and
look behind your car while diving your
character looks in the rearview mirror
you can change your phone settings so in
vibrating set of rings when you receive
a call when all three characters driving
an event they act out and start
lip-synching their dialogue even though
it's only visible when switching to the
rear view ankle when multiple characters
can start missions the beginning mission
dialogue is different depending on each
other mission ass return to ammunition
you enter for early story Michigan clerk
will talk to you about how cool your
first conversation was like something
out of a movie breaking suddenly and
aggressively in your car launches your
character any patches for thanks is
immense them the momentum in a police
shootout if you do not shoot one officer
leg they might drag it behind cover to
safety hell fucking no dude Oh God got
some of my throat getting a car in dirt
or gravel spits out behind your video
when I froze birds can get hit or stuck
if you threw inches when flying hell no
if you take Michael's car as Trevor or
Franklin Michael call you and yell at
you the dj's will wish you a good
morning good night depending on what day
you're listening all the time of day
anyway cars get dirtier the more they're
driven especially offer all embassies
will comment on especially dirty cars
driving into mountains and calls radio
signal some base stations to be gravel
and lost power line strand the wind
driving on the right shoulder ripples
activate the right vibration your
controller during the left shoulder
vibrations on the left card set regular
high beam options to all right that has
been on my first video I'll talk to you
later